Update azure-defender-storage-configure.md (#104447)
Azure/azure-content: articles/storage/common/azure-defender-storage-configure.md

**Defender for Storage doesn't access the Storage account data, doesn't require you to enable access logs, and has no impact on Storage performance.**

> [!NOTE]

> > Microsoft Defender for Storage customers can now choose to move to a new predictable pricing plan. The pricing model is per-storage account, and high-volume transactions may incur additional overage charges. This new pricing plan will also include all new security features and detections.

Author: @bmansheim - "This new pricing plan **will** also include all new security features and detections." - this intentionally "will" because today there are no new features and detections, but there will be in the future, we wanted to emphasize that customers should move to the new plan because the good stuff will only go to that plan (in the future)

Reviewer: @Eitan-Shteinberg  Updated my suggestion

Author: @bmansheim - regarding "Customers with the per-storage account pricing plan will receive new security features and detections as they are released.". The emphasize is to nudge customers to move to the new pricing plan and not describe that customers on that plan will receive new features. We want them to understand that new features will **only** be there, and they should move to that plan

> > Microsoft Defender for Storage customers can now choose to move to a new predictable pricing plan. The pricing model is per-storage account, and high-volume transactions may incur additional overage charges. This new pricing plan will also include all new security features and detections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Microsoft Defender for Storage customers can now choose to move to a new predictable pricing plan. The pricing model is per-storage account, where high-volume transactions may incur additional overage charges. This new pricing plan will also include all new security features and detections.
```

>

> > Customers using the legacy per-transaction pricing plan will need to proactively migrate to the new per-storage account plan to access these new features and pricing. The legacy per-transaction pricing plan charges based on the number of analyzed transactions in the storage account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Customers using the legacy per-transaction pricing plan need to migrate to the new per-storage account plan to access these new features and pricing. The legacy per-transaction pricing plan charges are based on the number of analyzed transactions in the storage account.
```

>

> > For further details, please refer to the [Microsoft Defender for Storage FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/storage/common/azure-defender-storage-configure?toc=%2Fazure%2Fdefender-for-cloud%2Ftoc.json&tabs=per-storage-account#faq---microsoft-defender-for-storage-pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For further details, please refer to the [Microsoft Defender for Storage FAQ](#faq---microsoft-defender-for-storage-pricing).
```
